Prog01. rstrip() remove the space characters at the end of the string. Create a program that do the same functionality without using rstrip() function.
Prog02. removesuffix() remove the characters at the end of the string that matches the function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using removesuffix() function.
Prog03. upper() converts all characters of the string into upper case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using upper() function.
Prog04. islower() check if all characters of the string is on lower case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using islower() function.
Prog05. startswith() check if the string beginning part matches the function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using startswith() function.
Prog06. rjust() add space characters at the beginning of the string to complete the number of characters specifies in function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using rjust() function.
Prog07. zfill() add zero characters at the beginning of the string to complete the number of characters specifies in function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using zfill() function.
Prog08. count() return how many time the function parameter appear in the string. Create a program that do the same functionality without using count() function.
Prog09. index() return the first location of the function parameter in the string. Create a program that do the same functionality without using index() function.
Prog10. rindex() return the first location of the function parameter in the string starting from the last character. Create a program that do the same functionality without using rindex() function.


Prog01: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print the smaller number.
Prog02: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print "Not Equal" when the numbers are not the same.
Prog03: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print the difference of the two numbers.
Prog04: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print the quotient of the two numbers without the decimal point
Prog05: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print the remainder when the first number is divided by the second number.
Prog06: Create a program that ask user to input 10 numbers. Print the result of the first number minus all of the remaining numbers.
Prog07: Create a program that ask user to input 10 numbers. Print how many are even numbers.
Prog08: Create a program that print all the odd numbers starting from 0 to 100. (Use while loop)
Prog09: Create a program that print all the numbers starting from 0 to 100 except numbers ending in zero or ending five.
Prog10: Create a program that ask user to input 2 numbers. Print all the numbers between the two numbers.


Prog01: Create a program that ask user to input 10 numbers. Display all numbers that don't have duplicate.
Prog02: Create a program that ask user to input 10 numbers. Display all numbers. For numbers with duplicate, display only the first entry.
Prog03: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display "Unique" after input when the inputted number don't have duplicate. Display "Duplicate" after input when the inputted number have duplicate.
Prog04: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the lowest number
Prog05: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the number from lowest to highest. Clue: sort() function


Prog01: Create a program that ask user to input 10 numbers. Display all numbers that have duplicate.
Prog02: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the number with the most number of duplicate.
Prog03: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the highest number
Prog04: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the number from highest to lowest. Clue: sort() function
Prog05: Create a program that ask user to input a number, continue asking until the user input is invalid. Display the average.

Prog01: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname with several space characters at the beginning. Print the input without the spaces in the beginning.
Example:
Input:         Juan Dela Cruz
Output: Juan Dela Cruz

Prog02: Create a program that ask the user to input a number (0-1000). Print the number in 6 digit format. Add zeros at the beginning to complete the 6 digit.
Example:
Input: 143
Output: 000143

Prog03: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname. Print the input in all capital letter.
Example:
Input: Juan Dela Cruz
Output: JUAN DELA CRUZ

Prog04: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname. Print the input in all lower case.
Example:
Input: Juan Dela Cruz
Output: juan dela cruz

Prog05: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname in incorrect casing. Print the input in proper casing.
Example:
Input: jUAn DEla CrUZ
Output: Juan Dela Cruz

Prog06: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname in incorrect casing. Print each character of the input in reverse casing.
Example:
Input: jUAn DEla CrUZ
Output: JuaN deLA cRuz

Prog07: Create a program that ask the user to input a complete statement. Print the number of words in the input.
Example:
Input: We will weather the weather whatever the weather whether we like it or not
Output: 14

Prog08: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname. Print the number of characters in the input.
Example:
Input: Juan Dela Cruz
Output: 14

Prog09: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname in incorrect casing. Print the input in pascal case.
Example:
Input: jUAn DEla CrUZ
Output: JuanDelaCruz

Prog10: Create a program that ask the user to input their fullname in incorrect casing. Print the input in snake case.
Example:
Input: jUAn DEla CrUZ
Output: juan_dela_cruz


gistfile1.txt
Prog01. lstrip() remove the space characters at the beginning of the string. Create a program that do the same functionality without using lstrip() function.
Prog02. removeprefix() remove the characters at the beginning of the string that matches the function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using removeprefix() function.
Prog03. lower() converts all characters of the string into lower case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using lower() function.
Prog04. isupper() check if all characters of the string is on upper case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using isupper() function.
Prog05. endswith() check if the string end part matches the function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using endswith() function.
Prog06. ljust() add space characters at the end of the string to complete the number of characters specifies in function parameter. Create a program that do the same functionality without using ljust() function.
Prog07. center() add space characters at the beginning and at the end of the string to print the string at the center. Create a program that do the same functionality without using center() function.
Prog08. swapcase() reverse the casing of each of the character of the string. Create a program that do the same functionality without using swapcase() function.
Prog09. capitalize() makes the first letter of the string, capital letter. And all other letter in small case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using capitalize() function.
Prog10. title() makes all first letter of each word in the string, capital letter. And all other letter in small case. Create a program that do the same functionality without using title() function.